Oh
I guess what's going on my name is Rolla
and today scary my talk is going to be a
little bit different as I'm showing you
three modes instead of the usual one
future episodes will either be a solo
showcase or have multiple modes like
this one it just depends what caught my
attention so this first model is a
standalone follower named hazara byline
blimp found in the be in the bub and the
interesting thing about her is she's
half human and half hour go nyan I don't
know if they currently exist mods that
have created hybrid characters before
but this is certainly the first time
that I've seen or used one one of the
cool details I did notice was how a rise
diet sometimes making a seem more
lizard-like if you are concerned how I
tell will act with clothing well as you
can see it's the same as any other
argonian based character I hope we'll
see more of these hybrid characters in
the future because it would be nice to
see what mixture of characters people
can create desire won't like these next
two mods but you just mine the first is
pure whether by last end is a full
weather and lightning replacer it has
various realistic weather conditions for
the different areas in Skyrim while it
does certainly alter the colors in the
world it is still in keeping with the
game you'll have to use a small for some
time to appreciate all the things that
are going on in the different locations
there is a choice to make when
downloading the main mod a realism
version with dark and realistic nights
and a bright and nights edition for milk
drinkers and those who don't want their
video appearing too dark on YouTube to
standby fading signal is a nice motor
using conjunction with the previous
month to enhance your thunderstorm
experience it uses high quality thunder
and rain sounds in a randomized playback
pattern to eliminate the looping sound
of it you may have experienced in the
game previous life it also comes with
new rain textures and new particles for
snow and rain adding a sense of density
to the storm this mod is compatible with
other weather mods not just the pure
whether I mention so you're free to
experiment the ambient sounds with their
varying intensity I really what helped
sell the feeling in this mod it canning
parts get really loud like a real
thunderstorm
right what do you want to see here take
a look at this